<script lang="ts">
  import { DD, Collapse, RoleDetails } from '$lib/components'
</script>

<RoleDetails 
  position="Consultant"
  company="OES Technology"
  startDate="2021-04-26"
  endDate="" 
/>

<section class='all-prose mb-8'>

### Summary

Highly qualified developer advocate that has played significant roles
in increasing the visibility and adoption of headless CMS platforms,
namely Storyblok and GraphCMS.

A Svelte ambassador, organising monthly Svelte Society London events
for <DD date_from="2021-03-14" /> now. International conference
speaker with content to gather and energize users. Continually
nurturing and building relationships with community and industry
leaders.

Helping customers understand and leverage the power of the specified
platforms by conducting workshops creating tutorials, demos,
educational videos and blog posts. Contributing toward the development
of the platforms by creating sample applications and code samples.

A demonstrable deep commitment to educating and supporting the
community.

</section>

<span class="divider before:bg-primary after:bg-primary mb-10 print:mb-0" />

<RoleDetails 
  position="Developer Relations Engineer"
  company="Storyblok"
  startDate="2022-08-22"
  endDate="" 
/>

<section class='all-prose mb-8'>

### Summary

Helping enterprise customers to understand and get value out of
Storyblok in workshops, tutorials, and customer demos.

Write sample applications, prototypes, and code samples to showcase
the power and flexibility of Storyblok and the headless approach to
content management.

Help external developers to overcome missing functionalities or
technical issues by using plugins, tools, apps, or custom scripts.

Contribute code updates and bug fixes to Storyblokâ€™s public projects
(e.g. SDKs, sample applications, starter kits).

### Highlights

Building with SvelteKit at Connect Tech 2022, Atlanta.

Representing Storyblok at Svelte Summit Fall 2022, Sweden.

</section>

<span class="divider before:bg-primary after:bg-primary mb-10 print:mb-0" />

<RoleDetails 
  position="Developer Advocate"
  company="GraphCMS"
  startDate="2021-04-26"
  endDate="2022-07-30" 
/>

<section class='all-prose mb-8'>

### Summary

Content creation in the form of blog posts, workshops and educational
videos.

Coordinating meet-up events and conference talks to gather and
energise users.

Creating and maintaining partnerships with community and industry
leaders.

Gathering feedback from community and end-users to communicate with
product development to improve product designs.

### Highlights

Jamstack Conf 2021 Workshop, **"Build with SvelteKit and GraphQL"**
_build a fast secure project that uses SvelteKit's features_.

Jamstack Explorers Mission: "**[Building with SvelteKit and
GraphCMS]**".

Recorded 26 [getting started videos] for the GraphCMS [examples repo]
on GitHub.

Deep dives on getting started with SvelteKit and Data Binding with
Svelte.

</section>

<span class="divider before:bg-primary after:bg-primary mb-10 print:mb-0" />

<!-- Links -->

[building with sveltekit and graphcms]:
	https://explorers.netlify.com/learn/building-with-sveltekit-and-graphcms
[getting started videos]:
	https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C8M-JhhYaBs&list=PL5SvzogSTpeH1Szqw4tPi9ZfgXDbY8GU-
[examples repo]: https://github.com/GraphCMS/graphcms-examples/

<RoleDetails 
  position="Web Developer"
  company="Karmarama"
  startDate="2018-09-03"
  endDate="2021-04-23" 
/>

<section class='all-prose mb-8'>

### Summary

Web Developer working in the Creative Products section of Karmarama.
Working on varied projects. Mainly front end with React.

Team DevOps. As the longest serving member of the Web Team overseeing
deployments of the majority of projects hosted internally. This was
using a mixture of old Ubuntu servers (v16) and Rackspace servers
(v18).

### Highlights

Built internal Pinstagram used for onboarding and pitchbooks where
staff at Karmarama share articles seen as good, PR, Production,
Marketing, etc. Built with NextJS, Prisma (GraphQL data layer) and
GraphQL Yoga (Express).

Evangelised the use of Gatsby in the team for sites that did not need
a lot of user generated content.

One of the first projects (client design system) to use MDX with
Gatsby.

Created a client PWA with Preact using Lottie animations provided by
in house illustrator.

Worked on custom built CMS for client using vanilla React.

</section>

<span class="divider before:bg-primary after:bg-primary mb-10 print:mb-0" />

<RoleDetails 
  position="Front-End Developer"
  company="Zaizi"
  startDate="2018-03-08"
  endDate="2018-08-31" 
/>

<section class='all-prose mb-8'>

### Summary

Worked in agile teams to develop new user-facing features. Using best
practices to create front end applications. Using JavaScript
frameworks such as React and Gatsby and styling with styled-components
ðŸ’…

### Highlights

Evaluate several CMS' for use, Contentful, GraphCMS and CrafterCMS

Working in an agile team in the delivery of initial sprints of the
[ncsc.gov.uk](https://ncsc.gov.uk) site.

</section>

<span class="divider before:bg-primary after:bg-primary mb-10 print:mb-0" />
